README.md, before:

# Myfirstangularproject

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 6.2.2.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Website does not work anymore because API change

README.md, after:

IMPORTANT NOTE: After two years I decided to download this project again and unfurtonately it doesn't work anymore. It seems that Blizzard has changed the API that I used to reach and Twitch has also modified the way we can search for streams and the cover picture of the header was also deleted from the source that I was getting.

It was a really useful website for me and my friends who used to play World of Warcraft, we could check level and gear of characters of all realms. It was working giving the real data about the equipment and everything on use on the character mentioned on the search field.



# Myfirstangularproject

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 6.2.2.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
